Create rule S6937: Missing mandatory statement name (#3722)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6937/jcl/rule.adoc

> A PROC statement in a job stream should always have a name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-stream procedures should always have a name.
```
